1193: Add "Security Considerations" (#2694)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-1193.md

## Security Considerations

_This section and its sub-sections are non-normative._

The Provider is intended to pass messages between an Ethereum Client and an Ethereum application.
It is _not_ responsible for private key or account management; it merely processes RPC messages and emits events.
Consequently, account security and user privacy need to be implemented in middlewares between the Provider and its Ethereum Client.
In practice, we call these middleware applications "Wallets," and they usually manage the user's private keys and accounts.
The Provider can be thought of as an extension of the Wallet, exposed in an untrusted environment, under the control of some third party (e.g. a dapp).

### Handling Adversarial Behavior

Since it is a JavaScript object, consumers can generally perform arbitrary operations on the Provider, and all its properties can be read or overwritten.
Therefore, it is best to treat the Provider object as though it is controlled by an adversary.
It is paramount that the Provider implementer protects the user, Wallet, and Client by ensuring that:

- The Provider does not contain any private user data.

> - The Provider and Wallet programs are sandboxed from each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Provider and Wallet programs are isolated from each other.
```

Sandboxing is usually a specific heavy-weight type of environmental isolation, but isolation itself is abstract and doesn't specify the safety strategy employed.

- The Wallet and/or Client rate-limit requests from the Provider.
- The Wallet and/or Client validate all data sent from the Provider.

### Chain Changes

Since all Ethereum operations are directed at a particular chain, it's important that the Provider accurately reflects the Client's configured chain, per the `eth_chainId` Ethereum RPC method (see [EIP-695](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-155)).

This includes ensuring that `eth_chainId` has the correct return value, and that the `chainChanged` event is emitted whenever that value changes.

### User Account Exposure and Account Changes

Many Ethereum write operations (e.g. `eth_sendTransaction`) require a user account to be specified.
Provider consumers access these accounts via the `eth_accounts` RPC method, and by listening for the `accountsChanged` event.

As with `eth_chainId`, it is critical that `eth_accounts` has the correct return value, and that the `accountsChanged` event is emitted whenever that value changes.

The return value of `eth_accounts` is ultimately controlled by the Wallet or Client.

> In order to protect user privacy, the authors recommend not exposing any accounts by default, and implementing the `eth_requestAccounts` Ethereum RPC method (see [EIP-1102](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1102)) to grant consumers the ability to request the user's accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to protect user privacy, the authors recommend not exposing any accounts by default, and implementing methods to explicitly request account access, such as the `eth_requestAccounts` Ethereum RPC method (see [EIP-1102](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1102)), or `wallet_requestPermissions` (see [EIP-2255](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/2255)).
```

If we wanted to plug EIP-2255 here.
